FF97 Add experimental feature for ScreenOrientation.lock() (#11705)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### Screen Orientation API

#### ScreenOrientation.lock()

The {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock()")}} method allows a device to be locked to a particular orientation, if supported by the device and allowed by brower pre-lock requirements.
Typically locking the orientation is only allowed on mobile devices when the document is being displayed full screen.
See {{bug(1697647)}} for more details.

> Note that this since locking the screen orientation isn't typically supported on desktop systems, you will need to use Firefox for Android Nightly build and enable the preference in `about:config`.

Author: FYI Normally I wouldn't add this note, but you can't test this properly in desktop and you can only set preferences on Android in nightly.

> The {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock()")}} method allows a device to be locked to a particular orientation, if supported by the device and allowed by brower pre-lock requirements.
> Typically locking the orientation is only allowed on mobile devices when the document is being displayed full screen.
> See {{bug(1697647)}} for more details.
> 
> Note that this since locking the screen orientation isn't typically supported on desktop systems, you will need to use Firefox for Android Nightly build and enable the preference in `about:config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.lock()")}} method allows a device to be locked to a particular orientation, if supported by the device and allowed by browser pre-lock requirements.
Typically locking the orientation is only allowed on mobile devices when the document is being displayed full screen.
See {{bug(1697647)}} for more details.

Note that since locking the screen orientation isn't typically supported on desktop systems, you will need to use Firefox for Android Nightly build and enable the preference in `about:config`.
```
